CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    NBA Offensive stat comparison

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    I will be helping basketball analysists visualize comparisons of top nba players to see who is 
    the best offensive player in the nba according to statistics.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn how to use python to interpret large amounts of data to create visual graphs. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)
    I will use the matplotlib, pandas  and pytest module.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    Yes, I will create a function that will create an X-axis with the list of the top NBA players, and then a function that creates a y axis. 
    I will use the y axis function multiple times, one that tracks points per game, another that tracks fg%, and two others that calculate rebounds
    and assits. The parameters for these functions will be a file name, and the argumetns will be the seperate files that contain different statstics. 
    The functions will extract the top 10 players for each statstic and create a chart to compare their numbers. 

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

    I will test these functions to make sure they're extracting the correct numbers. The test will ensure that the function is 
    collecting the statstics from the top 10 players. 